Cooperative cancellation sample (#5451)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/cooperative-cancellation/sample.md

---
title: Cooperative cancellation
summary: Stopping both the endpoint and a long running handler with a cancellation token
reviewed: 2021-08-31
component: Core
---

> Run the solution. One console application starts up, `Server`.

Reviewer: Skimming through the content I originally read "Once the console application starts up" and then got confused by the sentence. Changing it makes it less likely for the same skimming mistake to happen to others.

```suggestion
Run the solution. A single console application starts up: `Server`.
```
